So, here's a quiz.
We can see that the returns window length is two,
because we are dealing with daily returns,
which are calculated as the percent change from one day to the following day.
So, it's two days.
The annualized volatility window length is 252 by default,
because it's the one-year volatility.
So, that means it's using
252 returns sample points in calculating the standard deviation of that.
So, now the question is, try to adjust the call to the constructor of
annualized volatility so that this represents one-month volatility.
So, it's still annualized,
but it's calculated over time window of 20 trading days.
So, what I mean by that is,
when you look at the function here.
So, if you were to change it so that the window length is 20,
to represent 20 trading days or one month,
then imagine you would have a DataFrame in here that has 20 rows instead of 252 rows,
and it uses that to calculate the standard deviation.
So, I can give you a quick hint.
Start with annualized volatility and window length equals something.
Okay. All right.
So, after you do that,
the next quiz is, create one month and six month annualized volatility.
Create annualized volatility objects for a 20 day and 120 day time windows.
In other words, one month and six month time windows.
Remember to set the mask parameters to the universe object created earlier.
So, this filters the stocks to match the list in the universe.
So, this means that, we don't want to use all the stocks,
we want to filter to a certain list of
stock tickers in this universe object we actually created back up here.
So, we'll take a look. So, based on the average dollar volume over the past six months,
over the past 120 trading days,
take the top 500,
and that's the list of tickers that we'll use here.
So, we could actually just double check what it looks like.
So, universe is this object,
but you can actually just pass it in here.
I'll give you a hint here.
So, we had annualized volatility.
Okay. We can set the window length
equal to something and we can set the mask equal to something.
It also says, convert these two ranks and convert those ranks to scores.
So, you may recall that there's a rank function and there's a zscore function.
So, those are some hints.
Once you store those into variables,
then go ahead and add them to the pipeline.